[Music]
that's a way to review a car on the
track this is the Hyundai Genesis Coupe
and we've been having a blast with it
we've been doing some drifting we've
been having on the track all sorts of
testing autocross just takes a lot of
fun to throw around there are many ways
this car kind of reminds me where Toyota
and Nissan used to be back in the 80s
with vehicles like the Celica and the
200sx 240sx you know rear-wheel drive
kind of fun coupes and really we've seen
this emergence of coupes again but when
it comes to the
coupes coming from Japan we haven't seen
a whole lot rear-wheel drive but here we
go
this is from Korea a lot of fun to drive
as you could see cuz it's really kind of
made for the track you know kind of fun
car course it's an everyday vehicle
you're not gonna take it on the track
but it's kind of nice to know that you
can definitely recommend a manual
transmission a lot more fun than than
the automatic so we always recommend
that because we're enthusiasts and we're
crazy that way but regardless this is
just a chance to get into a fun coupe
you know it's got plenty of room in the
back of cargo space thanks to the
hatchback and it's just fun to drive
like the to the 2 liter track package
that's the the turbocharged that that's
the fun car to get this is the 3.8 v6
which is a great kind of everyday car
but if you learn with the track package
we'll go with a 2-liter engine that's
the one you can really have throw around
it's a little bit lighter and a lot of
fun price-wise we're talking you know
rear-wheel drive cool under 25,000 for
the 2-liter turbo and under 30,000 for
the v6 that's a great price so you may
ask what about the Camaro what about the
Mustang the challenge and wow those are
muscle cars here we love drive coupes
and you know price-wise the Camaro is
it's kind of right there with it and
their v6 kind of you know blow the way
this v6 so if you're going to strictly
look at numbers I don't know what to
tell you but
this is different this car is the more
dynamic that way it's really kind of
more the Hanley car it's a full compact
this is kind of a tuner clock whereas
you know the Camaro that's that's a
muscle car so I'll depends what you put
you're in the market for it's strictly
going on numbers who have to go get the
Camaro I can't I can't stop you but you
looking for something it's kind of fun
to drive that's reminiscent of the old
Celicas this is the way to go the good
news is if you're in the market for a
rear-wheel drive coupe you have a lot of
options the Genesis needs to be on your
list just like the Camaro of the others
but he's looking for something with that
Asian flavor this is the way to go
[Music]